Add documentation about RCUTILS_COLORIZED_OUTPUT and RCUTILS_CONSOLE_STDOUT_LINE_BUFFERED (#232)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Logging-and-logger-configuration.rst

You should see the timestamp in seconds and the function name, filename and line number additionally printed with each message.
*The ``time`` option is only supported as of the ROS 2 Bouncy release.*

Console output colorizing
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

By default, the output is colorized when it's targeting a terminal.
If you would like to force enabling or disabling it, you can use the ``RCUTILS_COLORIZED_OUTPUT`` environment variable.
For example:

.. code-block:: bash

   export RCUTILS_COLORIZED_OUTPUT=0  # 1 for forcing it
   # Or, on Windows:
   # set "RCUTILS_COLORIZED_OUTPUT=0"
   ros2 run logging_demo logging_demo_main

You should see that debug, warn, error and fatal logs aren't colorized now.

.. note::

>    In Linux/macOS forcing colorized output means that if you redirect the output to a file, the ansi escape color codes will appear on it.

Reviewer: @ivanpauno consider 
```suggestion
   In Linux and MacOS, forcing colorized output means that if you redirect the output to a file, the ansi escape color codes will appear on it.
```

>    In windows, it's not useful.

Reviewer: @ivanpauno what do you mean by `not useful`?

Author: People shouldn't use it.
For colorizing the output we are using `SetConsoleTextAttribute`, and the auto behavior already check if it's possible to call it or not. So if you force it with the environment variable and the output stream didn't support a `SetConsoleTextAttribute` call, the only you will see is a new error message in `stdrerr` (sth like `SetConsoleTextAttribute` fail).
In Linux and macOS, we are printing the escape codes in the file.

P.S.: Maybe, it will be better to actually ignore the forcing colorized output in windows.

>    In windows, as the colorization method is only supported in a console, if it is forced you could get a new warning saying that colorization failed. The auto behavior already check if the output is a console or not, so forcing it is not recommended.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   In windows the colorization method relies on console APIs.
   If it is forced you will get a new warning saying that colorization failed.
   The default behavior already checks if the output is a console or not, so forcing colorization is not recommended.
```

Reviewer 2: Also switched to one sentence per line.

Line buffered console output
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

By default, info and debug log calls aren't line buffered.
You can force it using ``RCUTILS_CONSOLE_STDOUT_LINE_BUFFERED`` environment variable.
For example:

.. code-block:: bash

   export RCUTILS_CONSOLE_STDOUT_LINE_BUFFERED=1
   # Or, on Windows:
   # set "RCUTILS_CONSOLE_STDOUT_LINE_BUFFERED=1"
   ros2 run logging_demo logging_demo_main

> The output should look as before.

Reviewer: @ivanpauno what's the difference then? Or in other words, maybe we should be a bit more thorough about the side effects.

Author: We are flushing in each log call `stdout` (is the target stream was stdout).
It depends on the system if `stdout` was already line buffered or not.

Reviewer 2: I agree this would benefit from some expansion. I don't think it's passive aggressive to solely link to some canonical source on IO buffering from here.

Author: I added a [link](https://www.gnu.org/software/libc/manual/html_node/Buffering-Concepts.html), with a brief and clear explanation.
We could add something like https://eklitzke.org/stdout-buffering, although I haven't read it thoroughly.

> The output should look as before. For details about I/O buffering, see `buffering concepts <https://www.gnu.org/software/libc/manual/html_node/Buffering-Concepts.html>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The output should look as before.
For details about I/O buffering, see `buffering concepts <https://www.gnu.org/software/libc/manual/html_node/Buffering-Concepts.html>`_.
```

One sentence per line
